Title: I met a girl 

Text: Always willing to give a hand
I met a girl once, with long brown hair, and the deepest of deep green eyes. Through that which she lacked, she gained so much more. I was eleven.

I went to Sunday-School so God could teach me the lessons of life. Maybe it worked. What I learned I will never forget. The girl sat down beside me in a cold steel chair in the cold brick room, on a cold Sunday morning.

I stared at the gas heater on the other side of the room. Others prayed for those less fortunate, but I prayed for warmth. I gave up and turned towards her - she smiled without hesitation or malcontent.

Beneath the din of others conferring, we laughed, we joked, we shared stories. She had just been with her Dad on a canoeing adventure. My uncle had taught me how to fish for trout from his yellow ski-boat.

The warm discussion made the cold room bearable, and the time passed quickly. We were placed in activity groups based on our age. She was ten. We sat together again. The move exposed us to the cold. Everyone sat rubbing their hands under the table.

Cold, hard lumps of clay were placed before each of us as we were given a divine dut - to create from them God’s own creations. Moving her hands towards the table, what I saw next shocked me at first. Each hand bore nothing more than a little finger, but one which I found could perform the task of five.

With her clay, she fashioned a magnificent elephant, a remarkable giraffe, Both made my feeble mouse seem all the more insignificant.

Over the years, our friendship grew stronger as we saw more of one another. I saw her conquer challenges; flying foxes to shoelaces, hammers to watch bands.

Nothing stood in her way, she worked hard and was thankful for even the smallest of victories. She laughed when the Reverend gave her the well-meaning “always willing to give a hand” award.

I met a girl once, with long brown hair, and the deepest of deep green eyes. Through that which she lacked, she gained so much more. She let no feature become her shortcoming, no disability disable her; She defied the world to try and make her submit. Least of all in generosity, spirit or diligence.

It was not enough to become ordinary with what she had been given; Nothing less than extraordinary would she settle upon. I met a girl once, with long brown hair, and the deepest of deep green eyes, While others prayed for those less fortunate, I prayed for warmth. I don’t see her anymore, but I remember her lesson to me as clear as it were yesterday.

Fortune doesn’t make people. You end up being only as warm as you make yourself.

